Do you like lakes? Do you like swings? Do you like swinging into lakes? Then you'll love swimming in big blue. Sign up today to swim and have fun with your friends.

When the going gets weird, the weird go skiing. Is it weird to ski at a summer camp? Maybe, but why wouldn't we go skiing. Skiing is the most fun thing you can do by far. Register today to reserve your spot on the chairlift.

By failing to prepare for waterskiing, you are preparing to fail at waterskiing. This week, prepare to have the most fun of your life. You'll zip around the lake, and you'll have fun the whole time.

Ask not what mountain biking can do for you. Ask what you can do for mountain biking. Zip through the trees on your bike as you fly down the mountain. Register now. Most of the equipment is safe most of the time.

Don't get a case of the Mondays. Get a case of the fun-days. Do you see what I did there? Camp is so fun. You didn't register yet? It'd be a lot cooler if you did. 

Fear is a myth. FOMO is real. Don't miss out on the most fun that a person can have in the woods. Bring your friends and sign up for the future of activities. 

Campers will learn to master the art of playing the game. No matter what your skill level is, every player needs to know solid fundamentals. Skills will include shooting, passing, footwork, defense, speed and agility.  This is a Jump Bunch class.

Pack your bags to set sail on the S.S. Pinecrest for a dream cruise through the Mediterranean Sea! After a proper bon voyage party before we hit the high seas, we’ll drop anchor in some of the most magnificent places and see what there is to see – the wildlife, landmarks, music and food. Get ready for an unforgettable journey!

Are you fascinated by mind-bending puzzles? Do you love a good challenge? Give your critical thinking and problem-solving skills a workout. Practice thinking outside the box as you decipher puzzles, riddles and brainteasers. You’ll work by yourself or in a team to play thinking games and meet creative challenges, all the while stimulating those neurons! Brain Benders will encourage thinkers to take risks and reach new mental heights.

Do you like to make stuff?  Using physical science concepts and engineering design, you will test and re-design as you explore forces that work on objects in motion, test the strength and design a use for magnets and build small ramp structures.  Play games like Blokus to build your spatial awareness.  You will also take home your own cardboard structures.

Campers are introduced to computer science concepts like sequences, conditionals, loops and functions through a series of fun and interactive exercises on the Kodable. Campers also get a chance to be creative by using Scratch to make their own stories and animations. No reading experience required.  This is a Coder Kids class.

According to the dictionary, cosplay is the activity or practice of dressing up as a character from a work of fiction (such as a comic book, video game, or television show). A good costume is as much about creativity with materials and construction as it is about the outcome. Have fun researching, designing, building, sharing ideas, and dressing up. We will reveal our costumes for the whole camp on Friday at our own Awesome Con!

T-shirts, placemats, picture frames and keychains are only a few of the kinds of creations we will make! Create sand art, color some stained glass, custom decorate a tote bag or experiment with decoupage. Each day will be packed with colorful, fun-filled activities. We will make it, and you can take it.

Live a life of adventure…at least for this one week! We’ve rounded up some of the bravest, most thrill-seeking people around to bring you one action-packed week of make believe! Knights, cowboys, pirates and explorers would each like you to follow in their footsteps for a day, seeing what their lifestyles would be like. Through stories, games, crafts and lots of interactive and imaginative play, we will see what it’s like to be just like them!

If you wish you had a dinosaur for a pet, then this “dino-mite” class is for you!  Join us in the land before time to learn about all your favorite prehistoric creatures.  T-rex, stegosaurus, velociraptors and pterosaurs will all be part of this week of dinosaur discovery.  We’ll put on our paleontologist hats and use facts, science, art and other activities to become experts about some of our favorite ancient creatures.

“Anything’s possible – keep thinking!” is the motto here. We will explore serendipitous moments in invention history and learn about the iconic innovations and amazing accidents that have resulted in inventions that have changed our lives. We’ll take a look at the lives of famous inventors and at the links between inventions. We’ll also work on daily challenges, brainstorming, collaborating and designing as we practice thinking like inventors! And just like real inventors, we will present our ideas to a panel of experts and apply for patents.

Frisbees, relays, 3-legged races, croquet and tug-o-war; hopsacks, Bocce, kickball, scarf tag, fling and fly; and beach ball volleyball, beach bucket relays, hula hoop weave and beach bucket blast. What could be more fun than playing all of these games in the sun? This is a Jump Bunch class.

There is no better way to enjoy summer than by connecting with friends while playing a variety of games together. Join us as we play tried-and-true favorites and discover new games, too. There will be card games, board games, paper/pencil games, playground games and game show challenges. Fun for everyone!

Frisbees, relays, 3-legged races, croquet and tug-o-war; hopsacks, Bocce, kickball, scarf tag, fling and fly; and beach ball volleyball, beach bucket relays, hula hoop weave and beach bucket blast.  What could be more fun than playing all of these games in the sun?

Lace up your boots, load up your pack, fill your canteen and bring your binoculars and a hat – we are headed on an adventure! Our home base will be our indoor campsite complete with a tent and the supplies we need for a week’s worth of fun, but we will spend plenty of time exploring the outdoors, too. Learning about forest animals, going on outdoor scavenger hunts, creating nature art, eating campfire treats and making trail mix are all part of the fun.

Explore the use of herbs in arts and crafts, aromatherapy, cooking, and body care. Make skin care products, air fresheners, wreaths, sachets, soaps, teas and more! Learn about herbs in history, and discover which scents are your favorites for relaxing, energizing, and inspiring!

Experience a new adventure each day as we use our imaginations to “take” vacations or trips. We might step right up for some circus fun under the big top with clowns, popcorn and animal tricks, or enjoy a relaxing day at the beach with water play, beach volleyball and seashell and sand art. We’ll pitch a tent, take a hike and make trail mix and s’mores on a camping expedition. Let your imagination take you on these and other unforgettable summer getaways.

Have you ever dreamed of opening your own restaurant with all your favorite foods? In this class, you will be able to do just that. Everyone will have a part, from planning the menu, decorating the restaurant, learning to set tables and make centerpieces, cooking and serving food and finally eating it. Make your reservations early for this class!

Don your chef hat and grab an apron – it’s time to cook! This class gives young chefs an opportunity to explore a wide variety of culinary delights. Along with learning to cook new and tasty recipes, campers will expand their knowledge of food preparation and presentation and cooking safety. Leave the class with a recipe book and delicious memories as well.

Have a blast as you warm up, learn new steps and help choreograph some toe-tapping dance numbers! Move and groove while learning the basics of ballet, tap, jazz, hip-hop and modern dance, and put your new moves into some show-stopping dance numbers on Friday!

Expecto magico! Make some magic as you experiment with potions and cast spells, make a wand, create your robes and hat, hunt for magical creatures and wizard treasure! You’ll concoct charms and magical objects, learn how to tell fortunes and explore the wizarding world.

How many cookies can you balance on your forehead? Can you drop a Mento into a soda bottle…while standing on a desk? Or pick up a tortilla with swim flippers on your hands? Challenge your body and brain with these quick – but not easy – games and sports! Compete against yourself to beat your record at rubber band shooting, pencil bouncing, block stacking and more. We’ll also try our hand at no-sweat sports like lawn darts, badminton and ping pong.

What goes on down in the mysterious deep waters of the seven seas? Dive into this underwater adventure and we’ll find out as we become oceanographers exploring the fascinating plant and animal life of this vast undersea world. Swim with sea creatures both big and small, check out a coral reef, clean up an oil spill and transform our classroom into an amazing underwater haven. This is a class in which you’ll definitely want to submerge yourself!

Calling all pet lovers! Through stories, books, games and crafts we will have fun as we learn all about a variety of pets.  We will have real animal visitors throughout the week and enjoy lots of stuffed animal fun, too!

Learn the publishing process from the ground up. You will do it all, from generating story ideas, to taking photographs, creating artwork and advertisements, to interviewing and writing articles, to editing, layout and publishing.  Learn about the tough decisions journalists face when selecting news items, researching stories and producing a quality product, and then put it into practice as we publish our very own e-magazine.

Sometimes food is more than just sustenance…sometimes it’s art and science! We will carve creatures and critters out of fruits and vegetables, shrink life-size food into miniature food, grow new foods out of old ones and explore some awesome kitchen science. Be ready for messy, creative and (mostly) edible fun!

From individual challenges to partner, group and team tasks, you are sure to expand your horizons and stretch the boundaries of what you thought you could do. Call on your inner strength to decode puzzles, get through a maze before time runs out, guide a blindfolded partner through obstacles or beat your own record. Every day will bring a new set of opportunities to reach for the sky. Get into the game and use your wits and strength to meet these mental and physical activities and challenges head on!

Use your senses of sight, hearing, taste, smell and touch to explore Science, Technology, Engineering, Art and Math through games, crafts and art projects. Make your own magnetic field sensory bottle, create a beautiful tessellation or bubble up some chemical reaction smelling salts. This class will have you exploring the world of S.T.E.A.M. with fun – and you won’t realize you’re learning, too!

Candy is good for you…it helps you understand science! Drop a Warhead into baking soda and water, and bubbles erupt. Leave a Skittle in water, and the S floats to the surface. Melt a Starburst, and shiny oil spots form. Why does this happen? Let’s experiment and find out as well as learn how to make colorful candy crystals, grow giant gummies, sink marshmallows, bend candy canes and more!

Join the Mandalorian as you search the Galaxy for galactic creatures while solving riddles, puzzles, and physical challenges and maybe find Baby Yoda along the way!

Time is of the essence! This cooking class features teams racing against the clock to complete sweet treat baking challenges. Campers will showcase their baking and decorating skills as they whip up cakes and other confections with the hope of winning a daily prize!

Leave the Muggle world behind and enter a magical world filled with wizards, house elves, cauldrons, invisibility cloaks, floo networks, Marauders’ Maps and the elusive Golden Snitch! We’ll make wands and magical pets, concoct potions and cast charms, visit Diagon Alley and Hogsmeade, sample chocolate frogs and Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans and, of course, play a game of Quidditch. Not even He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named could spoil the fun at Hogwarts.

Here we come to save the day!! It’s no easy feat to become heroic. In addition to learning about the superheroes who came before us, our training will involve fun (and funny) physical and mental challenges to help us become super strong, agile, fast and flexible. We’ll develop our own superheroes, complete with names, superpowers, costumes and maybe even theme songs. Soon we’ll be full-fledged superheroes, ready to go on missions and join the fight when there is a wrong to right!

It’s a grab bag o’ fun and adventures! Join us as we mix together all kinds of camper favorites and different themes for one wild week! From science and crafts to games and challenges, who knows what might happen or where this week will lead us. Our motto for this class: If it’s fun, we’ll try it!

What can you do with an old t-shirt? Pillows, yarns, bracelets, scarves, necklaces, bags, vests, pet toys and skirts are just a few things you’ll learn to create with a t-shirt, a pair of scissors and maybe a needle and thread. You’ll also learn how to cut a basic t-shirt into something more interesting, with bows, braids, rips, cuts and ties. Bring as many old shirts as you want – any size – and we’ll have lots on hand, too.

Each day is a surprise adventure! We might have Messy Monday with science and art activities that won’t keep us very clean or have Totally Odd Tuesday! Wednesday might be Wacky Science with crazy concoctions and strange science – or just plain Wacky. Who knows what Pick a Theme Thursday will bring? You’ll get to vote! Round out the week with Food Friday, playing with our food in imaginative ways – maybe something even freakier!

Attention all who love to write poetry or who’d love to give it a try!  In Words as Gifts you will be given a variety of strategies for coming up with poetry.  Though some would argue that seeing your poems in a book is the only way to publish them, Words as Gifts will give you the opportunity to share your work with others in a purposeful, permanent, and meaningful manner.  And that, to us, is publishing!

Let’s go “into the unknown” with Elsa and Anna to explore Arendelle and the other areas of the North while learning about friendship and being brave.

Bundle up as we visit the snowy regions of the far north! On our journey, we’ll learn about the lands, peoples and animals of the Arctic Circle.  Get to know musk ox, narwhals, sea lions, arctic foxes, reindeer – and, of course, polar bears!  Learn how to use a dog sled and how to take care of sled dogs.  There will be lots of play and creative activities in this imaginative expedition to the North Pole!

Let’s get away from our desks and explore some unconventional methods for making art!  We will swing, move, step, spray and spin our artwork into existence. Have fun creating really BIG art projects, some silly art projects and some gooey, slimy, messy art projects.  We’ll use everything from paints to food to shampoo and lotion! No matter what we do, it will be lots of FUN.

Unleash your creativity while you immerse yourself in the studio arts: drawing, painting, sculpting, printing and more all focused on surrealism/fantasy. You’ll enjoy a myriad of artistic media using a variety of materials – charcoal and clay, pastels and paints, inks, wire, thread and more! No experience necessary – suitable for beginning artists as well!

Pack your suit, sunglasses and sunscreen! Join us as we soak up the sun and enjoy some relaxing beach fun. In between the fun and games, arts and crafts, and cool water activities, you’ll learn a little about the many creatures that inhabit the beach both on land and in the water. It wouldn’t be beach week without a taste of the boardwalk, too!

Get excited about cooking in new and delightfully delicious ways as we use some of our favorite children’s books to stir up our appetites. Read stories with food in the starring role – stone soup, or the gingerbread men, anyone? Participate in hands-on activities related to the books and get ready for a culinary adventure as we cook up the incredible edibles from the stories.

No need to choose just one way to spend your day – it’s a potpourri of fun-filled activities with plenty for everyone to enjoy!  Outdoor games, brain benders, crafts, board and card games and water fun are on our agenda as we celebrate summer – a little bit of this, a little bit of that, a whole lot of fun!

Raid the supply closet – the only limits to what you can design and make in this class are what’s left, and your imagination! Not only can use conventional materials like ribbon and fabric, beads and baubles, clay, paints and more, but you never know what else you might find – lanterns or lockets, fly swatters or fortune cookies, mirrors or mylar. This is your chance to make whatever you want – a miniature diorama, a crazy stuffed monster, a giant mobile – using the materials on hand.

Do you love to solve mysteries? Are you a curious kid who enjoys a challenge? Then join us for a fun-filled week of Escape Room mysteries. In this interactive class, you will experience a daily mystery that will take you on a quest to decode ciphers, unlock clues, and solve a string of riddles. The only question left is … Will you breakout and escape the room?

We will use our imaginations as we create tasty concoctions and stretch our brains to encourage each other during theater exercises, Improv games and silly performances between cooking capers… and even combine our talents for some baking themed skits and hijinks! If you love to perform, love to create and love tasty treats, this is the class for you!

Traveling the world, one dessert at a time! In this class, we will explore different countries and make a famous dessert from each one. It will be one sweet trip!

The volcanic explosion at Pompeii…the San Francisco earthquake of 1906…Hurricane Katrina. How did they happen? What about the fiery end to the Hindenburg and the icy end to the Titanic? What caused these disasters, and what was learned from them? Can we prevent similar disasters? Travel back in time to take an in-depth look at these and other natural and human-made explosions, wacky weather and ground-shaking events. Learn about geology, seismology, aeronautics, meteorology, combustible gases and more through research as well as hands-on activities and simulations. Get wet, dusty and messy (but stay totally safe) with this explosive class!

Research and play a variety of board games and then create your own life size board game to play! This class takes board games to the extreme!

Get your game on in this fun and active class that combines the best parts of our P.E. and Push Your Limits classes. Whether you are participating in action-packed, fast-paced team and partner challenges, playing traditional playground and lawn games, completing activities that promote fitness, taking part in your favorite P.E. games or chilling out with tailgating and field day events, you are sure to have a ball.

Okay, girls!  Join us for a week filled with just your kind of fun! We’ll spend our days on everything from pajama parties and singing to exciting game challenges and unique crafts.  We’ll enjoy a relaxing day at our own spa making and using all kinds of skin care products. We’ll explore our active side as we enjoy the fun of playing sports with just girls. We’ll bring out our inner rock star, as we sing and dance the day away. If you’re looking for a guaranteed good time, this is one party you are not going to want to miss!

Grab your passport and pack your bag for an amazing global adventure.  There’s no limit to what we’ll see when we take a trip around the world in just one week!  Once we’ve plotted our itinerary and designed passports and tickets, we’ll hop from one amazing sight to the next until we’ve successfully circumnavigated the globe. Along the way, we will sample international cuisine, create amazing works of art, learn of the cultures, landmarks and wildlife that make each place special, celebrate international games and music, and make our own travel scrapbook to have a lasting memento of our journey!

Using a variety of media, we will paint, model, collage, stitch and sculpt stunning treasures that are sure to become family heirlooms! We’ll use our creativity to put a personal stamp on handmade artifacts, while we learn new crafting skills. Ornaments, vases, wall art, cards, wearable art and trays are just some of the project types we will complete.

Heading to kindergarten this fall? Then head here first! Our Hop Into Kindergarten class, taught by Pinecrest’s kindergarten teacher, is a fun-filled week of readiness activities designed especially for rising kindergartners at any school. We’ll hold a mini kindergarten day complete with a morning meeting, journal writing, math games, read-a-loud stories, recess, science experiments and more. This class is a great way to gain confidence and get excited about the coming school year! Open to any children going into kindergarten (at any school).

This class introduces campers to one of the cornerstone programming languages in an environment they already love. Campers will start writing Java on day one with a focus on creating mods that add new recipes, items, armor, tools and blocks to the game. They will also get a chance to show off their creativity by designing and customizing every item they add to the game.  This is a Coder Kids class.

Can you power a lightbulb with a lemon? Make an egg shell disappear? What’s the point of baking soda in pancakes, anyway? Explore many other questions like these as you experiment with everyday materials from the refrigerator and the grocery store – for some colorful, smelly, surprising and maybe even tasty chemistry fun!

Gather, m’lords and m’ladies! Learn about life in the days of knights and ladies, castles and cathedrals, dungeons and pageants. We will try our hand at many activities, from making chain mail and playing medieval games, to creating a coat of arms and grinding wheat. Prepare and taste medieval foods, explore medieval crafts, practice jousting and swordplay and learn about clothing and customs from long ago.

Minis aren’t just about furniture and houses! You can create any kind of miniature scene in this class. A haunted house? The ocean floor? A scene from ancient Greece or outer space or your favorite book? Your imagination is the limit! Of course, creating your dream bedroom or a fairy garden is fine, too! With wood, paper, pebbles, cardboard, fabric, clay, bottle caps, beads, toothpicks and anything that you can cut or glue, make it miniature!

Each class will help build self-confidence as we work on acting and movement skills, learn terminology, and explore the world of Theater and Music Theater! We will have fun working on improvisation as well as practicing the various jobs needed to make a production successful. Our focus will be on the children’s musicals Go Fish, Lemonade and Ei Ei Oops by John Jacobson. We will have a small performance at the end of the week to showcase what we have been working on!

Do you like solving puzzles? Following clues? Finding hidden objects? Every day will be a treasure hunt in this class. We’ll use orienteering and map-reading skills, puzzle-solving and logic skills and more as we go on quests, follow directions and find hidden clues inside and out. We’ll even make up some scavenger hunts of our own to use at home with friends and family.

Let’s turn that selfie around to discover a whole new perspective! Campers will explore what makes a good picture, point of view and effects. They will go on picture scavenger hunts and create a portfolio of work to showcase at the end of the week. Note: Campers must bring in their own cell phones with a camera, which is only to be used during the class. At all other times, their  phones must remain in their backpacks.

Ahoy, buccaneers!! Come aboard this pirate ship and have a swashbuckling good time as we set sail to a world of adventure. We will read stories, play games, make pirate outfits and accessories of our own, learn pirate lingo, follow treasure maps to find the hidden treasure and spend plenty of time looking for gold, walking the plank and playing on our big pirate ship. See ya there, matey!

Campers will learn how to teleport, automatically build structures and cool effects to their character, all through the power of code. They will be able to use functions, loops and conditionals to automatically create massive structures in their Minecraft world. They will also display a basic understanding of how Minecraft’s client-server architecture works and explain how their mods are changing their world.  This is a Coder Kids class.

Gummy worms, dancing raisins, shrinking marshmallows, flying toilet paper, bouncing bubbles…what do all these things have in common? They are all super silly, but they can all be explained with serious science! If you are ready for some ridiculous chemistry and frolicking physics, then come join us for many exciting experiments and hilarious hijinks.

Campers learn to use professional camera equipment to make their own stop motion movies. They will create their own story ideas, build stop motion models out of clay and create their own stop motion scenes. This is a Coder Kids class.

Not going on vacation this week? That’s okay – we have a summer staycation planned! You are invited to hang out at Pinecrest Pavilion and dive into some summer fun. Whether it is playing games like volleyball or ladder ball, participating in water relays and other wet activities or making and enjoying yummy summer treats, you are sure to have a blast. A watermelon seed spitting contest, summer crafts and preparing a beach boardwalk might also figure in our staycation plans!

Calling all sideways thinkers! Unleashing your imagination is at the heart of this interactive class where campers will discover the world of improvisation, a valuable tool in school and a great life skill. Have fun as you explore new ways to express yourself, gain confidence, and fine tune your creative muscles. In a supportive environment, you will participate in theater games that help you discover your creativity and then bring your stories to life! We will use improvisation and movement to explore fun story environments, create spontaneous scenes using various items from a mystery bag, debate silly topics, and master the term “thinking on your feet.” No previous experience necessary.

Full of fitness and fun, campers will explore a new track and field event each day in this class. Campers will have new workouts, stretches and drills to improve knowledge and ability for the event of the day. Running events range from short distance sprints to middle distance runs of a mile or so. Relay races and other team games are a part of the fun as we work on teamwork and sportsmanship and use agility ladders, hurdles, long jump mats and speed and agility poles. This is a Jump Bunch class.

Join us for an adventure in caring for our planet while making beautiful art. Your projects will be one-of-a-kind treasures made from earth-friendly art supplies. Campers can bring anything they want to create and invent their art, and we’ll have plenty of supplies too! It’s sure to be a week of recycled memories.

Come chill with us as we celebrate all of the cool things we love about winter! What could be cozier than hot chocolate by the fire, making our own mittens and all sorts of snowy fun?  We’ll fill our week with snowflakes, snowmen, polar bears and penguins. Winter day stories, crafts and games will entertain us, and we’ll have some active fun with wintry relay races and favorite sports of the winter Olympics. Join us for a refreshing blast of winter to cool off your summer!
